Fix declining creating indexes still starts indexing (#201)
SMD-Bioinformatics-Lund/gens: CHANGELOG.md

About changelog [here](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

## Unreleased

### Fixed

>  - `gens index` command now respect the answer the confirmation prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `gens index` command now respects the answer of the confirmation prompt.
```
